readme.md, before:

## Introduction
This is a personal content management system I use for clients.
Feel free to try it, but don't expect support any day soon. 


## Included in package

- Multi site
- Multi domain
- Multi language front end
- Multi language CMS (language files can be added)
- 2 factor authentication based on known previous locations with custom radius
- Fully customisable rights authentication system (Sentinel)
- The default Laravel Auth is totally unused and therfore availible for your project
- Persistant login with session control
- Advanced/automatic browser cache
- Full cache (memcached/redis) on front end requests 
- Cache flushed by tags, minimizing flushed items 
- Gallery with aspect ratio cropper (customisable per input)
- Customisable wysiwygs per input
- Easy to extend with your own modules
- Installable in excisting project
- Front end SASS tools
- Automatic response as JSON for API calls
- Uses Laravel filesystem, so CDN and local support
- Form builder/handler module
- Form data download as xls, xlsx or csv


## Requirements

- SSL (on every server that is not localhost)
- Mail capabilities (env settings)
- Npm
- Laravel 5.4.14 or higher install, preferably a clean install


## Installing Hack

Run
```
composer require thorazine/hack
```

# Add to config/app.providers:

        Collective\Html\HtmlServiceProvider::class,
        Barryvdh\Debugbar\ServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\HackServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\BuilderServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\CmsServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\FrontServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\ValidationServiceProvider::class,
        Intervention\Image\ImageServiceProvider::class,
        Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\SentinelServiceProvider::class,
        Jenssegers\Agent\AgentServiceProvider::class,
        Maatwebsite\Excel\ExcelServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\RouteServiceProvider::class,
        Noprotocol\LaravelLocation\LocationServiceProvider::class,

# Add to config/app.aliases:

        'Form' => Collective\Html\FormFacade::class,
        'Html' => Collective\Html\HtmlFacade::class,
        'Debugbar' => Barryvdh\Debugbar\Facade::class,
        'Image' => Intervention\Image\Facades\Image::class,
        'Activation' => Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\Facades\Activation::class,
        'Reminder' => Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\Facades\Reminder::class,
        'Sentinel' => Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\Facades\Sentinel::class,
        'Excel' => Maatwebsite\Excel\Facades\Excel::class,
        'Builder' => Thorazine\Hack\Facades\BuilderFacade::class,
        'Cms' => Thorazine\Hack\Facades\CmsFacade::class,
        'Front' => Thorazine\Hack\Facades\FrontFacade::class,
        'Location' => Noprotocol\LaravelLocation\Facades\LocationFacade::class,

# Add to the App\Http\Kernel $routeMiddleware:

        'sentinel.auth' => \Thorazine\Hack\Http\Middleware\SentinelAuthentication::class,
        'site' => \Thorazine\Hack\Http\Middleware\SiteRedirect::class,

# Add to resources\lang\en\validation.php
```php
    'slug'                 => 'Not a valid slug (a-z, 0-9, \'_\', and \'-\' are allowed',
```


Run
```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=hack --force
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=location
php artisan migrate
npm install
gulp
```

# Filesystem
This package uses the default Laravel Filesystem to handle storage. For settings take a look at the [Laravel docs](https://laravel.com/docs/5.4/filesystem).
Personally I like to start of with the ```public``` driver setting and the ```php artisan storage:link``` command. 
Obviously you are going to want to have the url availible on whatever driver you use.

# Important
We use tags to control the cache. So set .env CACHE_DRIVER to array, memcached or redis. File will not do.

Make sure you have a mail driver setup. If you don't have that option just use "log" although I recommend [Mailhog](https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog). But be sure to make it functional on the production server as we send out mails to confirm the location if needed.

Make sure your .env file is in order, especially the APP_URL. This is used by the filesystem.

Now visit http://[domain]/cms and fill in the blancs.

Commit message:

extended readme with upload folder notification

readme.md, after:

## Introduction
This is a personal content management system I use for clients.
Feel free to try it, but don't expect support any day soon. 


## Included in package

- Multi site
- Multi domain
- Multi language front end
- Multi language CMS (language files can be added)
- 2 factor authentication based on known previous locations with custom radius
- Fully customisable rights authentication system (Sentinel)
- The default Laravel Auth is totally unused and therfore availible for your project
- Persistant login with session control
- Advanced/automatic browser cache
- Full cache (memcached/redis) on front end requests 
- Cache flushed by tags, minimizing flushed items 
- Gallery with aspect ratio cropper (customisable per input)
- Customisable wysiwygs per input
- Easy to extend with your own modules
- Installable in excisting project
- Front end SASS tools
- Automatic response as JSON for API calls
- Uses Laravel filesystem, so CDN and local support
- Form builder/handler module
- Form data download as xls, xlsx or csv


## Requirements

- SSL (on every server that is not localhost)
- Mail capabilities (env settings)
- Npm
- Laravel 5.4.14 or higher install, preferably a clean install


## Installing Hack

Run
```
composer require thorazine/hack
```

# Add to config/app.providers:

        Collective\Html\HtmlServiceProvider::class,
        Barryvdh\Debugbar\ServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\HackServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\BuilderServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\CmsServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\FrontServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\ValidationServiceProvider::class,
        Intervention\Image\ImageServiceProvider::class,
        Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\SentinelServiceProvider::class,
        Jenssegers\Agent\AgentServiceProvider::class,
        Maatwebsite\Excel\ExcelServiceProvider::class,
        Thorazine\Hack\Providers\RouteServiceProvider::class,
        Noprotocol\LaravelLocation\LocationServiceProvider::class,

# Add to config/app.aliases:

        'Form' => Collective\Html\FormFacade::class,
        'Html' => Collective\Html\HtmlFacade::class,
        'Debugbar' => Barryvdh\Debugbar\Facade::class,
        'Image' => Intervention\Image\Facades\Image::class,
        'Activation' => Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\Facades\Activation::class,
        'Reminder' => Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\Facades\Reminder::class,
        'Sentinel' => Cartalyst\Sentinel\Laravel\Facades\Sentinel::class,
        'Excel' => Maatwebsite\Excel\Facades\Excel::class,
        'Builder' => Thorazine\Hack\Facades\BuilderFacade::class,
        'Cms' => Thorazine\Hack\Facades\CmsFacade::class,
        'Front' => Thorazine\Hack\Facades\FrontFacade::class,
        'Location' => Noprotocol\LaravelLocation\Facades\LocationFacade::class,

# Add to the App\Http\Kernel $routeMiddleware:

        'sentinel.auth' => \Thorazine\Hack\Http\Middleware\SentinelAuthentication::class,
        'site' => \Thorazine\Hack\Http\Middleware\SiteRedirect::class,

# Add to resources\lang\en\validation.php
```php
    'slug'                 => 'Not a valid slug (a-z, 0-9, \'_\', and \'-\' are allowed',
```


Run
```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=hack --force
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=location
php artisan migrate
npm install
gulp
```

Create a folder in ```public``` and call it ```uploads```. This is a temporary upload folder to assist with the streaming of images to any storage.

# Filesystem
This package uses the default Laravel Filesystem to handle storage. For settings take a look at the [Laravel docs](https://laravel.com/docs/5.4/filesystem).
Personally I like to start of with the ```public``` driver setting and the ```php artisan storage:link``` command. 
Obviously you are going to want to have the url availible on whatever driver you use.

# Important
We use tags to control the cache. So set .env CACHE_DRIVER to array, memcached or redis. File will not do.

Make sure you have a mail driver setup. If you don't have that option just use "log" although I recommend [Mailhog](https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog). But be sure to make it functional on the production server as we send out mails to confirm the location if needed.

Make sure your .env file is in order, especially the APP_URL. This is used by the filesystem.

Now visit http://[domain]/cms and fill in the blancs.
